Out Of The Woods

Current Issue:    Canopy Needs Warm Bodies and Useful Stuff
Impending Issue:  Daedelus Isn't Done

The planet Fathom
  Fathom is a relatively pleasant Garden World
  Jenn imagines their population is so low due to a
  combination of the recency of the founding and the
  distance from Fathom to other worlds.
  Located somewhere between Astar and Ionyseus

The Canopy colony
  Civilisation Type:  Frontier World (FH51)
  Designation:        Haven Associate (FH52)
  Population:         Low (300k total)
  Government:         Representative (MJ340) - vaguely Scandinavian
  Societal Dev:       Consensus Redistribution Model (MH341)

Canopy occupies the higher tree levels on a large landmass. A group
of isolationists live on a different landmass, which has Opteran ruins.

NPCs:
  Ananda Taylor:  Dafny's handler within the Canopy government
    "Learning the Ropes as I Go"

  Brandon Holger: Licensed Free Agent (FH77)
    Trouble: "I Have to Show I'm the Best"

  Professor Ched: Adjunct Professor of AI and Cognitive Science at Kallistan
    "Does Not Work Well With Others"
    "Junior is the Only One Who Listens to Me"

  Pander Batz:    Free Trader, operates a Magpie-class Trader called "the Ali Baba"
    High Concept: Trader of "Fine, Pre-Owned Quality Luxury Goods"
    Played by Jeffrey Combs w/giant coke bottle glasses

  Spout:          Another Free Agent
    Junior and Dafny met her on Kallistan and got her out of a sticky situation
    "Dafny Did Me a Solid"

  XXX XXX:        Robot physician pal of Enki's
    Brian will come up with stuff

  "Speaker":      Representative of The Isolationists also on Fathom
    "Let's Get This Conversation Over With"

  Terence:        Non-voting Canopy rep to Senate
    "Hears All; Says Little"

Sessions

Session1

  Make a list of setting aspects as per https://fate-srd.com/fate-system-toolkit/modifying-setting-making-big-changes
  Apply to https://drive.google.com/open?id=1pCy2vrjr_K_vRNP1Zhg51Cy0gpO9HQZwuwvW5puzOsk

  Set up friend who runs his/her own ship for later use of 176 "Return of the Captain"
    (Brandon Holger? FH77)
  Set up others for 221 "Heavy Cargo"

  Ran Flare Star
    They found the ship in the red dwarf binary system
    Tracked the source of the ship to the A0 system 7 LY away
    Discovered radio emissions

Session2
  Observing radio & TV signals, decoded, watching to gather sociological impressions
    discovered the Aspects
      Talk First, Shoot Second
      Wildly Eccentric Orbit
    observed noticeably higher temperatures
    Figured out the gist of their lifecycle
    pondering why to sell them computers

Session3
  Dafny using Rapport to learn about Brandon Holger (ties @ 5)
    learns his Trouble is "I Have to Show I'm the Best"

  202 "Hive Mind"
    New Barstow - system supplying the space morphine
    New Hoboken - pirate base
    the "Ali Baba" hauling medical drugs hijacked before reaching Fathom (Firefly's "Train Job")
      Pander had no known enemies who could pull that off
      Other unsuspicious-at-the-time disappearances starting to look similar to this
        allows for narrow targeting of location
    The crew files an itinerary and goes to New Barstow to get replacement supplies of space morphine
    Enki goes by New Hoboken and notices a base w/interceptors
    they play along and get captured, notice an unknown Commonality ship docked, and the "Ali Baba", Prof. Ched's Magpie in orbit
    Junior smells both Prof. Ched and Pander in the base
    Enki recognizes Shard Felicitous and knows it is "Wanted in the Commonality and Far Havens"
      and totally didn't give himself away as an AI
    Dafny Notices that the guards are "Bored and Looking for Amusement"
    Dafny and Junior taken to a cell, which they break out of, looking for Prof. Ched, whose scent is closer
    Dafny has Aspect "Secret Communications Device" with 1 box

Session4
  More 202 "Hive Mind"
  Ask Phil why no one listens to Prof. Ched but Junior. About what topic(s)?
  Ask Brian about Enki's robot physician friend?
  Presumably the PCs want to escape & possibly rescue Prof. Ched and Pander Batz
  - find Prof. Ched
  - find Pander Batz
  - evade guards
  - get space morphine
  - spring Prof. Ched
  - spring Pander Batz
  - unmoor Enki
  Finish early, ask what Canopy Aspects they want to flip

later
  Eureka 172
    Trade war between Daedelus and Wayfarer's Guild
      (Canopy is too early in the colony stage to have sufficient rivalry yet)
    Medical facility is in Mospel, Scelus (FH72)
    Drug created by captured alien life form (sentient and enslaved?)
    NPCs:
      XXX XXX: whistleblower working for Eugenia?
      "Terence" or local Canopy governor
        equivalent to "Sector Governor" in Eureka writeup
      Set up friend who runs his/her own ship for later use of 176 "Return of the Captain"
        (Brandon Holger? FH77) Spout?
      Set up others for 221 "Heavy Cargo"
        Spout?


Subsequent sessions:
  189 "Digital Stud" [someone] tries to mate Enki w/Shard (or whoever)
  176 (as above)
  179 "Spaceport Feud"
  181 "Blind Friendship" (more or less as written)
  188 "Search and Destroy"
  191 "Test Run" (engine instead of ship)
  192 "Shiny New Toys" (may allow Brian some solo work)
  199 "Cash Crops" (happens to Canopy)
  221 "Heavy Cargo"

Potential use of Campaign Aspects:
  Canopy needs...
    excuse for being offworld for typical scenarios
  Daedelus Isn't Done
    Hitman after Junior?
    Attempt to re-confiscate Enki
    Blackmail attempt (your AI is an abomination)
