Jordan, The Woman Without Fear
In Darkness, In sorrow
The Fear Maker came
The weak and the sick
Lamented his name

Then came the whisper
the glimmer of light
The lamplighter walking
In darkness to fight
~Translated fragment of the Lamplighter's Tale

In the legends of the Kaiyumi, there is on ehero who rises above the rest. When the ancient
gods kept the world of man in darkness and ignorance, their came a being to aid man in his
darkest hour. This being was the Lamplighter, the fire bringer, and the founder of the first
empire. For his hubris, the gods cursed him and locked him in torment within a volcano for all
time.

Now, this is just a story. Something to pass the time and share with friends. there is no truth
to this story. Except recently, the people of Kausao and the surrounding lands have begun to
tell tales of a phantom Lamplighter. When the people face danger or injustice, a shadowy figure
bearing a green lantern steps forward and deals with the problem. No one knows who this man is,
or how he is able to do the things credited to him, but he fits many descriptions of
the Lamplighter from ancient stories.

The truth is both more mundane and far stranger. Jordan was born and raised in the deep
desert, daughter to a great red jade mine owner. Had she been born a man, she would
have been sent to the finest schools and trained in all the intellectual arts. Due to
her father's attitudes about women, she was forced to train herself. Always tinkering,
she learned many great secrets about Jade. Though her father would beat her when he
caught her building, Jordan only sought more knowledge. Finally there came a fateful
day, as there always does in such stories. The day she was to be wed to the man-nay,
the boy her father had chosen for her. Standing at the crossroads, Jordan chose to no
longer live in fear. She renounced her family name and left the lands of her father. 

In her travels she learned many things. New ways of utilizing Jade, new technologies,
and all the cruelties of man. Jordan finally arrived in Kausao City, the home to the
greatest minds in the world and the worst abuses of human dignity. She set to work at
anything that would get her closer to the jade tech, closer to knowledge. She became a
Jadetech tester. Her job was to test out new innovations in Jade. It was dangerous, but
it payed well and she was able to see the cutting edges in Jadetech. 

Finally with enough money to do so, she began to experiment. Over the course of weeks,
she built a magnificent Jadetech device. Something unheard of, a constructed
intelligence. combining several of her other esoteric ideas for Jadetech, she assembled
The Lamp. She was about to test it out, when there was an accident at Low Port. A cargo
crane had fallen and crushed a warehouse and two ships. Without really thinking about
it, she leaped in and used The Lamp to rescue the people trapped in the wreckage. And
thus the legend of the Lamplighter began. 

Portrayal: Fearless Jadetech Engineer
Background: Hope Beats Despair
Inciting Incident: People Need My Help
Belief: Justice Is Its Own Reward
Trouble: They Will Misuse My Inventions

Professions: Engineer +3, Explorer and Scholar +2, Aristocrat and Fighter +1, Scoundrel +0

Assets
  Device: The Lamp
    Crafted from Green jade to give form to thought and energy, the Lamp is nearing the
    edges of what is possible with Jade, even in in the theoretical realms. At a basic
    level it allows the Lamplighter to create green energy constructs(through create
      advantage rolls). It can create anything that can be imagined. When in use it gives
    off an eerie green glow.

    Function Aspect: Green Jade Energy Matrix
    Features: Exceptional(can affect the whole zone), Exceptional(allows wielder to fly or
      move underwater unimpeded), Harmful 2(add two extra stress to a successful attack),
    Protective 2(reduce the shifts of incoming attack by two), Sturdy 2(device has two
      extra stress boxes)
    Flaws: Demanding(must make a scholar roll vs a difficulty of +2 in order to utilize the
      device, for every scene you use it), Consuming(Must spend a Fate Point to use)

  Ally: The heart of the lamp
    At the center of the lamp lies a metal sphere laced with white jade wires and black
    jade switches. A constructed Intelligence. Its purpose is to provide the Lamplighter
    with information on anything he runs across. This almost breaks the rules of the game.
    with an edge case like this I would definitely get your GM's approval before moving
    forward with it. Basically this is an ally that the Lamplighter keeps on her person at
    all times and acts as a mobile library. It can be targeted and destroyed separately
    from the Lamp itself. If I were running this game I would probably make the two linked.
    If one breaks, the other no longer works, but that would be up to your table and how
    you want to use the system.

    Function Aspect: Jade Crafted Intelligence
    Features: Professional(scholar +1), Resilient(the heart has one minor consequence
      available), Sturdy(Has one stress box)

    Flaws: Demanding(you must spend an action asking the Heart a question in order to gain
      access to its information)
